---
layout: default
title: Maxthon's Small World
description: Welcome to my small world. Here are my steps on my ways.
---
### <span class="noprint">[Back](../index.html)</span>

## <i class="fa fa-mars"> Maxthon Lu / Front-End Engineer <span class="noprint">[中文](./myself-zh.html)</span>
> 13761972301   
> <luzhlong@163.com>   
> Room 401, No. 9, Lane 825, Pingshun Road, Jing'an District, Shanghai,  
> <https://maxthonl.github.io>

## About Me
> I have been working in shanghai more than 10 years after granduated from Yancheng Institute of Technology. As a software engineer, I don't like to argue which language is the best for a developer. I'm good at JS and C# and on my way to learning Flutter now.   

## Working Experience
#### Nov-2018.11 ~ Now
#### Onboard Front-End Engineer - FutureMove Automotive Co., Ltd
> Be responsible for developing and maintaining BON apps which are running on BMW cars.
> Be responsible for developing and maintaining BFF services for MobileConnected APP.
> * MobileConnected
> A Mobile App from BMW for BMW driver. The Front-end is implemented with Fultter, and BFF with Nodejs. Here is the definition for BFF <https://samnewman.io/patterns/architectural/bff/>. Some services like legal, notification, image, agent... are finished by our team.
>
> * Weather   
> A BON app to show today and next 4 days weather forcast and AQI.
>
> * IPA Thirdparty    
> Intelligent personal assistant, to allow the car owner getting as much useful infos as possible by pushing to talk with tmall. like weather forecast, wiki page, shopping and music etc.   
>

#### Sep-2015 ~ Nov-2018
#### Senior Software Engineer - Hansen Technology ( Shanghai ) Co., Ltd
> Develop and maintain the ICC system, be responsible for maintaining PSM, which is our system's web client. ICC system is consisted by ASM, PSM, Configuration Module, Query Module and DB (Oracle), it's an event driven system. ASM was a series of WCF services, where we can get all entities properties from DB or deal the business logic in it. PSM is our web client which is designed using ASP.Net with MVP structure. Configuration module and query module are admin tools which are designed using WinForm and WPF.
> 
> * Multi-Browser    
> ICC V6 system can only be running in IE with quirk mode when I joined the company.  We need to upgrade the old system to make it support Firefox. Including adjusting old spoke page with HTML5, changing the styles of these pages.
>
> * NUI:    
> The company hope we can provide our clients a new ICC system with more fantastic web interface with more powerful and high performance. The project including controls library, NUI page, spoke design and GraphQL service. Some new frameworks or technique were brought into this project. like Angular2+ / GraphQL. we use Gulp to bundle our front-end codes.
>
> * Shopping Cart
> The project is going to replace current customer capture flow with a new friendly shopping cart flow. In this project, we need to develop some new controls, like progress step bar, text-mask, dynamic form… and design the flow structure. We also use Angular2+ and GraphQL to build the project.

#### Sep-2012 ~ Sep-2015
#### Tools&Process Engineer - Shanghai SAIFEI EWIS Manufacturing Co.,Ltd
> Develop tools and web system to help company analyzing the product data.
>
> * E-Softwares   
> A range of tools to check data's validation / maturity or generating output files. All developed by C#.  
> 
> * Easy2D
> This app is used to generate harness drawing [2D] automatically. It allows user to rotate routing path, to zoom the view and to modify the properties of connector and harness segment. User can also update this file when the DB data are modified. We use WPF to build the app.
>
> * Engineering-Manager
> A PHP web site for engineering team. It provides data management,  authority management, process management, tools management, KPI and 3Dviewer. We use LDAP to manage the user’s account and MySQL to store our engineering data.

#### Jul-2010 ~ Jul-2012
#### CAD Software Engineer - Digiwin Software Co., Ltd
> Develop tools to integrate CAD system & PDM system and provide new functions according to requirements of clients.
>
> * CAD Integration Platform   
> Make integration of CAD & PDM. such as AutoCAD / Solidworks / Catia / ProE / NX / Altium Etc. This Platform will upload CAD files and assembly structure and some necessary properties into PDM system. Product structure will be generated by these data in next step. For Different CAD software we need to use different programming language to develp the platform, such as C++, C# and Delphi.
>
> * Wiring Harnesses Design System   
> A tools developed on AutoCAD. It's can help user drawing their drawings of wiring harnesses quickly by establishing their enterprise standard parts library and extracting BOM information into DCPDM easily.


#### Aug-2009 ~ Jul-2010
#### Software Engineer - TJ Innova Engineering & Technology Co.,Ltd
> Be responsible for maintanence of iPDM

## Education
> 2005 - 2009： Yancheng Institute of Technology, Bachelor degree in Computer Science and Technology

### <span class="noprint">[Back](../index.html)</span>
